modules: TF-M: Allow reading UICR.OTP areas (#16890)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/security/tfm/tfm_ioctl_api.rst

Set the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_TFM_PARTITION_PLATFORM` Kconfig option to enable the services.

Read service
============

> The TF-M IOTCL read service allows the NSPE to read memory areas from the SPE which are not accessible from the NSPE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The TF-M IOTCL read service allows the NSPE to read memory areas from the SPE when they are not accessible from the NSPE.
```

> Allowed memory areas are defined by the :file:`tfm_platform_user_memory_ranges.h` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The allowed memory areas are defined by the :file:`tfm_platform_user_memory_ranges.h` file.
```

> Service is used by :c:func:`tfm_platform_mem_read` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The service is used by the :c:func:`tfm_platform_mem_read` function.
```

> For example, reading OTP value from UICR registers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, you can use the service to read the OTP value from UICR registers:
```

.. code-block:: c

    #include <tfm_ioctl_api.h>

    void read_otp_value(void) {
        uint32_t otp_value;
        int err;
	     enum tfm_platform_err_t plt_err;

        plt_err = tfm_platform_mem_read(buf, (intptr_t)&NRF_UICR_S->OTP[0], sizeof(otp_value), &err);
        if (plt_err != TFM_PLATFORM_ERR_SUCCESS || err != 0) {
            /* Handle error */
        }
    }

> See the :ref:`tfm_hello_world` sample for example usage.

Author: That is mostly what the tfm_hello_world does.

Set the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_TFM_PARTITION_PLATFORM` Kconfig option to enable the services.

Read service
============

> The TF-M IOTCL read service allows the NSPE to read memory areas from the SPE when they are not accessible from the NSPE.

Reviewer 2: Nit,  so feel free to ignore the suggestion if it is a hassle to do but the last part of the sentence it feels a bit off to me. 
Maybe something like this would be a bit more clear:

to access memory areas within the SPE that would otherwise be inaccessible to it.

Otherwise it looks good.

Reviewer: I'm not opposed to this wording.

Author: I'll update.
